update bootstrap guide (#1583)
rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide: src/building/bootstrapping.md

This is exactly how `x.py` works: it downloads the current beta release of
rustc, then uses it to compile the new compiler.

> Note that this documentation mostly covers user-face informations. See

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this documentation mostly covers user-facing information. See
```

> [bootstrap/README.md][bootstrap-internals] to read bootstrap internals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[bootstrap/README.md][bootstrap-internals] to read about bootstrap internals.
```

[intrinsics]: ../appendix/glossary.md#intrinsic
[ocaml-compiler]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/tree/ef75860a0a72f79f97216f8aaa5b388d98da6480/src/boot

> ## Contributing to bootstrap

Reviewer: Maybe link to src/bootstrap/README somewhere? At the very beginning with a warning that it's internal documentation, maybe?

Author: Yeah, good idea
